(docs) Document type aliases on type reference page (#2527)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/bolt_types_reference.md

This page lists custom data types used in Bolt plans and their functions.

> ### `ApplyResult`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data types

Bolt ships with several data types that can be used within a plan.

### `ApplyResult`
```

There needs to be a H2 header before this, otherwise the dita build will fail.

| `uri` | `String` | The target's URI. ||
| `user` | `String` | The user to connect to the target. ||
| `vars` | `Hash[String, Data]` | The target's variables. ||

## Type Aliases

Bolt also ships with type aliases, which provide an alternate name for existing types or lists of
types. These types can be used within a plan, and have all of the attributes and functions of
whichever Puppet type they are set to in the plan.

### TargetSpec

A TargetSpec is an alias for any of the following types:
* String
* Target (defined above)
* Array of TargetSpecs (yep, it's recursive!)

TargetSpec objects be passed to get_targets() to return an `Array[Target]`. Generally, you shouldn't
need to worry about the distinction between `TargetSpec` and `Target`/`Array[Target]`, since most
Bolt plan functions will handle them both automatically. But for use cases that need to deal with
the exact list of Targets that will be used, get_targets() will return that.

> ### PlanResult

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `PlanResult`
```

> A PlanResult describes the supported return values of a plan. This is the type returned from the
> [run_plan() plan function](plan_functions.md#run_plan), and `Array[PlanResult]` is returned from the
> [parallelize() plan function](plan_functions.md#parallelize). Plans can return just about any Puppet
> type, so the PlanResult can be any of the following types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `PlanResult` describes the supported return values of a plan. This is the type returned from the
`run_plan()` plan function. Similarly, a `parallelize()` plan function returns an `Array[PlanResult]`.
Plans can return just about any Puppet type, so the `PlanResult` can be any of the following types:
```
Moving these links down to a related links section

> * Boolean
> * Numeric
> * String
> * Undef
> * Error
> * Result
> * ApplyResult
> * ResultSet
> * Target
> * ResourceInstance
> * Array of PlanResults

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Boolean`
* `Numeric`
* `String`
* `Undef`
* `Error`
* `Result`
* `ApplyResult`
* `ResultSet`
* `Target`
* `ResourceInstance`
* `Array[PlanResult]`
```

> * Hash where keys are Strings and values are PlanResults (so any of the above types, including

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Hash{String => PlanResult}`. In other words, a `Hash` where each key is a `String` 
and each corresponding value is a `PlanResult`, which could be any of the above types, including
```

>   another Hash)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  another Hash.
  
  📖  **Related information**
  
- [`run_plan()` plan function](plan_functions.md#run-plan)
- [`parallelize()` plan function](plan_functions.md#parallelize)
